c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\AppGhiChuWinStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\GioiThieuPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\GioiThieuPage.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\HubPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\HubPage.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\SectionPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\SectionPage.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\AddPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\AddPage.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\DetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\DetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\SyncPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\SyncPage.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\GioiThieuPage.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\SectionPage.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\AddPage.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\DetailPage.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\SyncPage.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\GioiThieuPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\AddPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\DetailPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\View\SyncPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\HubPage.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\GioiThieuPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\View\AddPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\View\DetailPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\View\SyncPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\AppGhiChuWinStore.xr.xml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\AppGhiChuWinStore.exe
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\AppGhiChuWinStore.pdb
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\AppGhiChuWinStore.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\Parse.dll
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\Parse.WinRT.dll
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\Parse.xml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\Parse.WinRT.xml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\AppGhiChuWinStore.exe
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\AppGhiChuWinStore.pdb
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\AppGhiChuWinStore.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\Facebook.dll
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppGhiChuWinStore\AppGhiChuWinStore\bin\x86\Debug\Facebook.xml
